Update data-classification-content-explorer.md (#5838)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/data-classification-content-explorer.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Membership in these role groups does not allow you to view the list of items in content explorer or to view the contents of the items in content explorer.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > only global admins can manage/assign permissions to other users in SCC. Please check this link for more details: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-in/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/grant-access-to-the-security-and-compliance-center?view=o365-worldwide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Only Global admins can manage or assign permissions to other users in the Security & Compliance Center. For more details, see [Give users access to the Security & Compliance Center](microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/grant-access-to-the-security-and-compliance-center).
```
